Add doc for Bum traffic (#45)
Ragarnoy/BADASS: docs/what-is-bum.md

# What is BUM

`BUM` also know as `BUM traffic` is an acrynom for **Broadcast, Unknown-unicast, Multicast traffic**.

> `BUM traffic` is any network traffic transmitted using one of the three methods listed above to an destination where its address is **Unknown**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BUM traffic` is any network traffic transmitted using one of the three methods listed above to a destination when its address is **Unknown**.
```
